@trelovescookies You never reply to me 
Easter; 2 week holiday from school and loads of chocolate. Awwh snap! Loads of portfolio work to do, maybe it's not a holidays after all? 
@rhooks aw, i hope you're okay! maybe take it easy and do treadmill or low options? or just go for a walk. 
Watching a video of Demi singing Don't Forget aat the Wiltern Theater right now... So sad.  I think the tears are really going down...
@VanessaMP Yea, tell me about it    It's frustrating!   Thanks for the message, I'll let her know in case she doesn't log on! 
@CandelaCandela yep, and it's worst because i got my husband sick, too.  we shouldnt have shared that frosty 
game tonight, exam tomorrow and it's raining therefore i don't want to do anything  lol
@thenickel No fair! I wanna play, but I have stupid work and three hours of Economics 
@Frizit hello U. U  my first day back since U have been gone.  it was Yuck. had to field a lot of questions. 
was painting the bench white.. but then it started raining now i have to start all over agaiin 
@vriezzy lol not at all, hun. lol I work like a dog...lol. I get two paid vacations, but I don't know if I'm gunna be able to take them. 
@charmer128  they said I ain't ready yet.    is just asthma but they beign cautious.
@paulingham we've only got around 9 eps left of 24! 
@luvinJK4ever  And HEY - grow us some good players down there would ya? Indians got their asses handed to them yesterday... 
@Sheamus Suddenly our workplace web-nanny is blocking bit.ly so I can't get to any of the sites you're tweeting about. 
@pocketnowTweets Wheres the X1 guys?? Surely worthy of a mention 
@Neha1989 they stopped @ mechanical  A7 comes aft that .. keepin fingers crossed for 2mor !
@shotbykim Yeah, but couldn't get into it with WoW. Played City of Heroes for a good bit. LOVED that. Now I'm too poor to play. 
I donated sperm this afternoon and it really made me think about my own mortality. Poor little buggers are probably frozen now. 
just paid an ass load of bills 
