Why am I awake?  ballet exams start today! mine in one wekk :| help? currently in my bed wishing sleep upon me with ma cuzzz.
Wow! 4 hours after it started, the Win7 upgrade looks like it's finally finishing up.  It's almost like installing VS2008 + SP1 
It rained last night so I didn't get to take my baby to the carnival 
Gawd, I'm so tired. I don't know why. I slept 15 hours the other day and was still tired 
Laura not too good today, off to Nan and Grandads now which will hopefully cheer her up. Sad to report the birds nest has been abandoned 
Work is finished! But boss is leaving  // off to Winchester to check out besties campus
mushroom hunting w/ the family in zanesfield alllll day. blah i would rather stay here and work on stuff but i promised my dad i would go 
awesome! genii cleaned up the bar last night. Umm..its way too hot in the store. I should have worn shorts or skirt today 
@James_Waters oooh. Not good,exspecially with a hangover. WOW you're day isn't going very well 
its past my bed time... hopefully i will wake up in the morning and wont be sick  might go visit charlie the beagle tomorrow
The SMS inbox on my N95-2 has stopped displaying contact names since last night. All my texts and reports show as number only. Help! 
Found out what the burning smell was, 2nd Hard-drive has seen its last days. R.I.P Jeff 
Slightly emo today. I want to go home and watch footy in the pub not sit here in front of my laptop and do my work. 
@tatiny can't wait to watch casual friday! then one more episode before the season breaks 
I'm at work with my B. But I'm so ready to go home and crawl back into bed and go back to sleep...ugh stuck here till 2!! 
goin' back to work Monday.. bittersweet. Miss my students, but I don't want to leave my precious baby Kaiden.. 
my mother has more followers than me  no fair
is re thinking the hair shop idea... it's abt to rain again 
Ah really bad tummy pains 
@gingerwalkerrun (@stevier via me) Dude, you dangle wings in front of us, then take them away? wings FAIL  Next time! #yarnporn #mdsw
