New Design Added to the gallery : http://www.bestcssvault.com/rich-mcnabb-interactive-web-designer/ keep submitting 
www.youtube.com/user/shannonmurdoch good times. watch itt  about to hit the hay
Woohoo!  I won the Free Money Finance March Madness tournament by two votes!  I guess getting my in-laws to vote WAS a good idea! 
@julennanewbanks Aww sorry you had the mishap. How's your recovery going? Have a good day, J. 
@kissandmakeupuk heres a virtual one - not as tasty but far easier on the hips. nice to tweet you btw 
@mhequalities cool. We just had Welsh NHS Dr Alun Jones in Perth on rsrch into patient shame. Happy to share audio when kids r fed etc. 
@joyjewell at the time it was more $. But probably now that mine is booked it will be less  always happens that way
@totzhatz she lives in Denver, but is coming to IL in a month or two and we're headed there to see her 
Fresh strawberries, blackberries, and a chicken biscuit for breakfast.  Work is going well.  Life is good!  
Finish almost everything......so  Can't wait 4 2morrow......gotta look pretty!
@myhelvetica Thanks buddy 
@iRestaurant re twitter'd @DunkinDonuts for cold Altanta: suggest ya negotiate deal in which calories are left in cyber space! 
@thebleachworks What kind of new toys?  very anxious to hear your beautiful voice on the new song!its ridiculous how amazing your voice is
@Todderm good morning todder!! Look I'm tweeting. 
too many late nights are catching up with me...need to go to bed! Good night Twitterers 
oh my god i slept horrible, the dorms are so hot blarghuberhudsf;df. luckily i have pumpkin apple walnut muffins to make me better 
is about to what a doco with the boy on vampirism...woohoo.. 
@jojova i have to wait until I get to Lazboy- my 2nd home to get the java  if in New York in Syracuse it's pick a pair...ask for Ruthie
@carolinezcraftz ty  Its a lovely palette but tbh I don't think the pay off is quite as great as some of their other signature palettes
at work , getting a twitter account 
